CmdPal: Update Extension SDK docs link to Microsoft Learn (#44517)
microsoft/PowerToys: src/modules/cmdpal/extensionsdk/README.md

project for you, with the packaging, dependencies, and basic program structure
ready to go.

> To view the full docs, you can head over to [our docs site](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/powertoys/command-palette/extensibility-overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the full docs, you can head over to [our docs site](https://aka.ms/cmdpalextensions-devdocs)
```
